Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh ZEXAL"...
Hey, what's up
with those two shiny lights?
I know.
It is two
Galaxy-Eyes.
They are battling
on the lunar surface.
It's got to be Kite!
By using the legends,
and letting
their power guide me,
(rumbling)
I'll bring into existence
a Dragon never seen before!
Now arise, Number 62:
Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon!
A new Galaxy-Eyes?
Impossible!
I activate Tachyon Chaos Hole!
This trap banishes all the cards
on your field!
My cards!
Your Prime Photon will now
return to the realm of legend!
Arise again, Chaos Number 107!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
I summon Number 46!
Dragluon!
(roaring)
What?
Can it be?
Pardon me for interrupting
your duel.
Jinlon!
Mizar, this is not
who you were meant to be.
Don Thousand has
twisted your fate.
He altered your memories in
order to further his plans.
Ahh!
Can what he told me be true?
It cannot be.
Mizar!
Nonsense... I almost believed
that old fool's lie.
Did you enjoy that?
A rare moment of doubt unlikely
to ever happen again!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon,
attack Kite directly!
He's done for!
Aah!
Kite, no!
If you have any last words, now
would be a good time for them!
♪
♪Still together as one ♪
♪'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪Ready to go
we'll feel the flow ♪
♪So don't stand in our way ♪
♪You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪Let us tear down the walls
♪Till the final night falls ♪
♪The bonds of
our souls can't be replaced ♪
♪Let us fight together,
regretting never ♪
♪Our dreams will be ♪
♪Halfway to forever ♪
♪Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪Reach down deep ♪
♪Beat defeat ♪
♪Do all that we can do ♪
♪Halfway to forever ♪
♪We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪Keep breathing ♪
♪Believing ♪
♪Halfway to forever ♪♪
Here it comes, Master!
Baria-Shield,
engage!
It's holding!
I hope that's enough
to protect them!
Kite!
My son!
Hang on!
Are you all right, Master Kite?
Yeah, just keep that shield up!
Yes, sir, but if I wind up onthe
scrap heap after this duel,
please tell Lillybot thatl
fought bravely with you!
No, I won't!
Because you're gonna
tell her yourself!
That's unlikely, because
the shield is failing!
Brace yourself!
(groaning)
Kite's down!
It seems my last maneuver
really "floored" you.
It is your move...
That is, if you are
capable of moving.
Of course the most intelligent
move you could make
would be
to concede defeat to me.
Never!
Was there any major damage
to your components, Master?
No, and what about you?
My functionality is at 50%,
but I can reroute power
to keep my systems going.
I salute your tenacity, Kite,
but with no monsters on your
field or cards in your hand,
your situation is hopeless.
Don't be so sure!
I just hope I can
make good on that.
Everything hinges
on this next card.
Aaah!
Master Kite!
My servo-motors may be damaged,
but I can still help you draw!
All right, fine.
You ready, Orbital?
Affirmative!
We draw!
Yes!
Just what I need!
I'm placing a monster face down
in defense mode!
Good luck.
You'll need it now.
(groaning)
Oh, please.
Spare me the tough talk, Kite.
You have no monster
that can save you,
but to add more despair to your
already desperate situation,
I activate the spell
Galactic Charity!
By discarding one card
in my hand to the graveyard,
I am allowed to draw two cards!
Next, I activate the spell
Tachyon Refresh
to banish my Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
It loses Galaxy Refresh,
so its attack points get
a considerable boost!
This sets the stage
for me to re-summon
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon
fiercer than before!
Now that it's no longer
equipped with Galaxy Rebirth,
its attack points
are back to 4,500!
Quite so, and if that
made you nervous,
this will send you
into a full-on panic!
I equip Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon
Dragon with Tachyon Cannon!
My Dragon loses 500
attack points,
but whenever I cut
its attack points in half,
it can attack again!
And I can use this effect
over and over
until Neo Tachyon Dragon has
less than 500 attack points!
That doesn't sound too good!
Time to give this paltry human
the misery he has come
to expect!
Neo Tachyon, attack Kite's
facedown monster!
(explosions)
Galaxy Mirror Sage's
special ability activates!
It'll restore my life points
by 800.
Then I can place it on
my field again to protect me!
Unfortunately if my Galaxy
Mirror Sage is destroyed again,
it'll be banished
and I'll be defenseless.
Then that is exactly
what I will do!
I activate Tachyon Cannon's
effect!
By cutting my Dragon's
attack points in half,
it can attack again!
Ultimate Tachyon Spiral
of Destruction!
Galaxy Mirror Sage's
special ability activates!
My life points increase
one more time!
(explosion)
But your Mirror Sage
is banished,
leaving you open to attack!
Argh!
I can see by your fear that you
know what I am going to do next.
Neo Tachyon, take aim
for your third attack!
Fire at Kite, and be sure
to leave a mark!
(explosion)
Aaah!
Defenses have been compromised!
Hang on, Master!
Galaxy-Eyes!
Give Kite another fiery taste
of torment!
Blast him mercilessly!
(explosion)
No!
I can't watch this!
I do enjoy toying with you.
It makes for very good sport.
And sadly for you, I can never
get enough of a good thing!
Neo Tachyon!
Unleash your fury!
Attack!
(explosion)
Kite, no!
(thudding)
Still here, Kite?
With only 100 life points left,
that will soon change.
Master Kite!
Life support systems
are down to 5%.
Energy is at 3% and falling!
Your little toy
confirms my suspicions.
You are finished!
(electricity buzzing, zapping)
Master, are you...
all right?
Kite!
Kite, no!
Can you hear me?
It's me, Yuma!
Yu-
Yuma?
Yeah, it's me!
Stay with us, Kite!
Yuma Tsukumo!
What's with you?
Hasn't anything changed
now that you know the truth
about what happened?
Don Thousand tricked you!
Why continue fighting for him?
Insipid human!
You could not be more wrong!
This duel has nothing to do
with Don Thousand!
I am dueling for only
one person: me!
My win today will prove
beyond the shadow of a doubt
that it is I
who am the one and only,
the true
Galaxy-Eyes master!
My great beast deserves
nothing less!
Mizar!
Our friend Kite, he is...
Just fine.
I'm not about to quit!
In fact, there is
no stopping either of us!
But, Kite!
No buts about it, Yuma.
This duel doesn't end until
one of us walks away the winner.
Please, Kite, think!
You're in seriously bad shape
and you know it!
There's no telling
what could happen to you!
(moaning) Yuma...
You must understand.
Some things need to be seen
through all the way
to the bitter end!
And if that means a little
danger, I say bring it on!
It's my turn!
I draw!
Even someone as stubborn as you
must see you have already lost.
Your Galaxy-Eyes is gone, along
with your chances of winning!
No, I think not.
What you fail to understand is
that there's always hope, Mizar.
Hope?
Yes, I'll show you!
By winning this duel!
I bring back Number 62:
Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon!
(dragon roaring)
How could you bring
Prime Photon Dragon back?
Simple.
It has a power unlike anything
you have ever faced!
When Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon
Dragon left the field,
it had two Overlay Units,
so its special ability lets it
return two turns later...
which unfortunately
for you... is now!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon
only has 250 attack points!
With one strike,
Kite can win this!
Your Prime Photon Dragon
is formidable indeed, Kite.
But my Neo Tachyon will
bring it to its knees
because it fights alongside
the true Galaxy-Eyes master!
And you will fall
right beside it!
I activate Tachyon Unit!
By paying 500 life points,
I can activate Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon's special ability
without using
a Chaos Overlay Unit!
Interesting.
Come now, I am sure you can
muster more enthusiasm than that
for my shrewd strategy.
It is sure to shake things up!
All other cards
lose their effects
and return to how they were
at the beginning of the turn!
Now that Tachyon Cannon
no longer weakens my
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon,
it is restored
to its full strength.
And while my Neo Tachyon Dragon
gains power,
your Prime Photon loses
its place on the field!
(laughing)
Farewell, Prime Photon Dragon!
(dragon roaring)
Your Dragon is still
on the field... but how?!
Is this really too complicated
for you to wrap your
little Barian brain around?
See, your Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon
may have rewound time
for special abilities
that activated this turn,
but Prime Photon's special
ability activatedtwo turns ago!
Oh, Kite, that hardly
matters at all!
My Neo Tachyon is now stronger
than your Prime Photon!
You would be crazy
to attack it!
Yeah, crazy like a fox!
Huh?
Prime Photon Dragon,
lock on your target
and then fire away!
Eternity Photon Stream!
You have just lost!
Go, Ultimate Tachyon
Spiral of Destruction!
Put an end to Prime Photon and
to this wretched human!
(explosion)
What is your problem, Mizar?
Why do you despise
humans so much?
I have my reasons,
if you must know.
I think something happened
to make you believe
humans are your enemies
and it created your distrust
of us all.
So you placed your trust
in only dragons, am I right?
I can see it in your eyes!
They tell a story
about the connection
you share with dragons.
(people shouting)
They took my mum and dad.
It was humans who kidnapped my
parents and left me an orphan.
I wandered alone for what seemed
an eternity.
Ultimately I passed out,
having been worn down
by hunger and exhaustion.
Just as I feared
I couldn't go on,
a miracle granted me
a new beginning.
A dragon came to my aid,
delivering me from fate's door.
The dragon became
my new family.
From that moment on, dragons
gained my lifelong trust.
Humans, like you,
having brought me only woe,
gained my eternal scorn!
We are not so different, Mizar.
I began dueling with dragons
for my family,
to save them from harm.
Back then, I had no idea
that using a Galaxy-Eyes
would change the path
of my life so dramatically.
It led me to eventually face off
against Yuma and Astral.
I got to know them, and Shark,
and others as well.
I wound up getting involved
in their adventures.
I guess that's the difference
between you and me.
You grew to distrust humans.
I started out
not trusting them,
but, over time,
becoming a Galaxy-Eyes user
taught me to see their value.
Value? Humans?
Please!
Oh, yeah?
Prime Photon Dragon's
special ability activates!
Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon
Dragon's attack points
are multiplied!
How much?
By the number of Overlay Units
it had when it left
the field earlier,
so it now has 8,000
attack points!
No... Now his Prime Photon Dragon
has more attack points
than my Neo Tachyon Dragon!
And Prime Photon's going
to use them right now!
Prime Photon, attack
Mizar's Neo Tachyon!
(explosion)
Huh?!
No!
(grunting)
(all gasping)
Oh!
(rumbling)
(explosions)
How can this be?
An entirely new dragon
has emerged!
It's the one the legend
spoke of!
Master Kite!
Congratulations, Master Kite!
You were amazing!
Yeah, I know.
You were better than nothing.
That was almost a compliment!
I'll take what I can get.
Permission to shut down, sir?
He fought with
the courage of a hero
and for that I will always be
proud of him.
We've both earned some rest.
Kite, no!
This can't be!
Is he all right?
Oh man, I gotta get a move on
and head to the moon
right away!
Kite's in awful shape
and needs my help!
Relax, Yuma.
I'll be okay, least I hope so.
Oh, no!
Hang on, Kite!
A medical transport
is on its way!
Relax.
It's just a couple of nicks.
Although...
I hope they hurry.
Oh, they will!
They'll land in moments.
Hang on!
Please, Kite!
Mizar.
Told ya.
I knew I was the true
Galaxy-Eyes master.
(rumbling, lightning crashing)
(laughing madly)
Nash, I'm waiting for you!
Accept your fate and face me!
Come and meet your destruction!
Vector and Don Thousand, your
mad reign of pain ends now!
Kite, you won.
Don Thousand will not!
I'll just have to trust
that Kite will be okay,
because right now
we have something much bigger
to worry about!
Agreed.
Don Thousand!
We're coming for you!